hey guys camera back again and today I'm
going to show you how to install Wi-Fi
anywhere on your PSP first you do not
need custom firmware video I'm going to
show you how to update a PSP for that so
[Music]
but a stronger signal now Wi-Fi anywhere
you wanna go down and custom automatic
automatic do now you do not start going
girl you want is connection you should
come up
you wait a while okay there should come
up and then you can tell if it's working
or not um you just say succeeded by your
Nick nation yeah to see okay this is how
you do it my next video be showing you
how to update the PSP and it's very easy
all dated to the latest firmware did get
you ladies farm work it's like how you
get just me music I'm gonna be the power
about quanti music I limit is like a
file like music download so I download
any soundtrack that this came out or
something like that you get um digital
copies you get a lot of stuff so once
you got that